# GiphyVision
[Runme](http://cdn.rawgit.com/GustneGustav/Rasmus-er-sej-og-flot/58b182f0/Mini-ex9%20-%20API/index.html)
I collaborated with Anine (a9neh, a9 the k9) for this project. We decided to use the GiphyAPI, as we both love to look at cute animal gifs etc. and liked the idea of making a nostalgic aesthetic using an old television with a VHS tape, where the user input is mapped in such a way that the the search item symbolically alligns with the VHS-input.
## Can you describe your process of making this mini exercise in terms of acquiring, processing, using and representing data?
The data is acquired through an URL that points towards Giphy's GIF storage. The data is transported as JSON elements an then processed in P5 via a loadJSON command, uses the URL and a GotData function to create the Gif-element shown on the Television in our program. To be able to show the GIF inside of our canvas, and alligned on the picture, we create and image-element to show the Gif, instead of using it as a DOM-element.
## What is your reflection on the aesthetics of (big) data?
The aesthetichs of big data are not directly being reflected through our project as such. Some parallels in regards to the implications of contemporary time can certainly be drawn to Aldous Huxley and his view on postmodern society and it's obsession with redundancy and self-imposed ignorance through non-beneficial recreational obsessions.
The aesthetics of Big data could be thought of here as the seamless transitions on the visual display. In contemporary time, we have endless amounts of data at our fingertips, and we can cycle through them at a moments notice, with no apparent difficulty. The television was probably one of the first instances of this phenomenon, but it's the case throughout all modern media platforms now. We even digitalized television and media-broadcasting to make it even easier to cycle through this. As such, this program can also be seen as an homage to television in it's earlier form, as the original form of visual-media broadcasting.
