# Objects and sadness
For this mini-excersise i couldn't really get anything to work. After making the grid, p5 doesn't seem to recognize my objects properly. Even though i have 20x20 objects created through my loops, p5 only recoqnizes 20, and i still can't adress anything properly in my arrays.
After working with all of this for a cumbersome amount of time, i have no more time for this particular project. I might revisit it later this week, but i can't finish what i started as of now. There i have a grid of sad checkboxes, who serve no purpose in life

[Runme.pleasedont](https://cdn.rawgit.com/GustneGustav/Rasmus-er-sej-og-flot/ec64b17c/Mini-ex7%20-%20Objects/index.html)
# What are the advantages of using objects, and what might be the limitations
The advantages is that you can apply all sorts of cool functions, and do it in a fairly organized and controlled manner. F.eks. i made a particle object for my last mini-excersise, and used it's physical properties to draw, as it pathed along the path of least resistance in a number of moving collumns and rows. You can apply all sorts of cool functionalities and behaviours.
I'm not quite sure i feel qualified to talk about the limitations of object-orientated programming, as i'm sufficiently inexperienced to always just assume that whenever something doesn't work i'm at fault, and for the most part i'm quite sure i'm right. As of now my programming process has been halted by technical difficulties, and even though i can clearly see p5 doesn't behave the way i intend it to, i'm quite sure it's by my mistake, and not internal problems. So in my point of view the only limitations object oriented programming has in my work, is me.
